Today I teach yum cha green bean soup/ tong sui
around 200 grams green beans, take out the dirt and small stones, I found one stone
rinse until the beans are clean
remove floating beans, they are damaged and bad
after washing, put the beans in a large cooking pot because they may easily overboil
I put in 1,700 ml water
cover with lid, leave it for 2 hours
2 hours later, turn to high heat, bring to boil
when it is boiling, turn to medium heat, cook until the shell falls off the beans
be careful, it may easily overboil
when you see the shells of the beans beginning to fall off
according to your preferrence you can take the shells out
I just leave it in the cooking pot and cook until the beans become soft
the green beans are soft and swollen up
turn off the heat, leave it for an hour
an hour later, pour out the green beans to another pot
blend the green bean soup seperated in several batches
each time only blend it for 5 to 6 seconds, if you blend it too fine it will not taste so good
when you have blended the green bean soup put it back into the original cooking pot
add sugar according to your preferrence
I put 165 grams brown block sugar
break the sugar into small pieces so it will easier dissolve
cooking block sugar too long will give it a sour taste
1/5 tsp salt
remove the foam after blending the green bean soup, I did it already
turn to high heat, stir in one direction, caution it may easily stick to bottom
when it is boiling, put in the brown block sugar and the salt
continue stirring until the sugar is dissolved and the soup reboils
now the sugar is dissolved and the soup is boiling again, turn off the heat
remove the foam if there is any
cover with lid, leave for 30 mins
30 mins later
Thanks for watching see you again next time